Changelog entry for The FlowFuse Assistant plugin (#2288)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2024/07/flowfuse-assistant.md

---
title: The FlowFuse Assistant
description: FlowFuse now allows selecting and comparing snapshots to visualize differences, facilitating easier understanding of changes between snapshots.

> date: 2024-07-05 13:00:00.0

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2024-07-04 13:00:00.0

```

authors: ["stephen-mclaughlin"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

We are excited to announce the first release of The FlowFuse Assistant, a new plugin for your Node-RED instances designed to enhance your development experience.

In this initial release, The FlowFuse Assistant can help you create function nodes for those times when a no-code solution is either not feasible or not possible.
Additionally, it works directly inside the Function Node editor right where you need it.

This is just the beginning. The FlowFuse Assistant will continue to evolve, with future updates bringing even more powerful features and enhancements.

> Starting from today, FlowFuse users can try this out on their instances.

Reviewer: Will this be available to existing instances, new instances only, or is there something users need to do to upgrade and get the feature?

Author: Nick made a suggestion and has been committed.  Please re-review. (resolves comment)

> Starting from today, FlowFuse users can try this out on their instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from today, FlowFuse Assistant is available on FlowFuse Cloud. Users will need to update their instances to the latest stack to enable it.
```

---
title: The FlowFuse Assistant

> description: FlowFuse now allows selecting and comparing snapshots to visualize differences, facilitating easier understanding of changes between snapshots.

Author: Bah. Just realised my copy paste error. 

Don't merge just yet please.
